- Q1. Unit testing advantages?

  A => 
       1. Simplifies debugging by uncovering bugs in early development.
       2. Speeds development by integration
       3. Improves design as part of test-driven development

- Q2. Which requirement identify technical contraints or define conditions under which system must perform?

  A => Technical requirement

- Q3. Types of functional testing and Dynamic type testing?

  A => functional -> Smoke, Regression;    Dynamic -> BVA i.e. Boundary value analysis is another black box test design technique and it is used to find the errors at boundaries of input domain rather than finding those errors in the center of input.

- Q4. True about doubly linked list (only 1).

  A => 
       1. Either linear or circular (This is correct.)
       2. Contain header node
       3. occupy same memory space as liner

- Q5. 4 out of 15 apples rotten then what is probability that the 9th is the last rotten one?

  A => We want 9th apple to be last rotten apple. For this, the first 8 apples should have 3 rotten ones and remaining 5 good ones. This can be chosen in           4C3×11C5 ways.  We have to select 8 apples from 15 apples. This can be done in 15C8 ways.
      9th apple is the only rotten one left, which can be selected in 1 way.
      Total number of ways of selecting that 1 rotten apple from remaining 7 will be 7C1 ways.

       Total probability = (4C3×11C5)/(15C8×7C1)
       Total probability = (4×462)/(6435×7)
       Total probability = 0.041
